Hi!
i want to share something with you, I like to call it, A drop of spirituality.
‘What I know by experience,I know
what I do not know, I do not know”
-Sadhguru

I want you to go to the bottom of your memory stack and tell me what was the first thing that you were ever told about yourself? What was it? It was when your parents took you in front of a mirror,touched a squishy body and said that that was you.They repeated it over and over,and your body became your first identification. With body came the mind, and with mind came thoughts, emotions, opinions and prejudices.
Our generation is enjoying the most luxurious life so far, you and I have things which only a king could afford centuries ago, but are we the most joyful generation? No,not at all, conversely, we are the least peaceful generation on the face of planet earth. People suffer famines,wars,poverty and those who don’t,suffer their past and their future,essentially memory and imagination.This is no fiction,this is a fact for every normal human being living in this era.People are suffering the abilities of their own minds,something which took thousands of years,we are suffering that.The cause is the wrong identification.
We think of ourselves as the physical but physical has boundaries,so we want to expand.We have a good salary but we want more,we have a good car,but we want better.We connect to the car in our head so much that even a scratch on it pains us.In reality,we are neither the car we drive,nor the money we own.Similarly,you are neither the body,nor the mind,nor its thoughts.This is so hard to understand for most people because they have spent all their lives believing quite the opposite.In yogic schools,children are taught to identify with the universe so that they see their body and mind as only tools to experience and explore the wonderful possibilities that our world has to offer.  
We are such an intelligent species,we know who god is,what his name is and even where he lives,we sing how to get to him in the bhajans.We carry opinions and prejudices about everyone and everything so we fail to see any situation for what it really is. Not only are we deprived of the beauty or the truth, we become audience to the continuous mental chatter round the clock.We end up falling for drinks,drugs or sleep because that is the only time we experience silence. This is what our generation is suffering with as a whole. Every second person is either on sleeping pills or on antidepressants or is suffering with minor case of depression.  
The true solution to this problem is training the mind. India is seen as the land of great yogis, the source of spiritual sciences and meditation.Today,science proves that meditation helps to calm the mind,and on a larger scale,it significantly increases the formation of gamma waves in our brain, which in turn provides us peak mental and physical performance.These gamma brain waves take you to the state of ‘flow’ which is a buzzword these days.Meditation helps in increasing memory recall ability,increases sensory perception and focus.The abilities a brain can achieve with meditation varies from person to person but clearly,there is one reason or the other,for everyone to get into meditation.I’ve found mine,may you find your.Happy meditating.
